Text
Yuvraj's father still hopes that under the captaincy of Dhoni India should win this tournament
Yuvraj took to Twitter to clear all the rumours about his sour relationship with current Indian captain MS Dhoni
yuvraj father is wrong dhoni is respect full person he is not play for him self he play for india
Yuvi father takes personally and he was forget last  t20 final against SL  we lost due to Yuvi performance. ..but he nice player let him perform well in domestic and later he can play for india ...  Country always be 1st whether Dhoni or yovi ...
your performance will be very important for india in world cup.
Younis doesn't have the best World Cup record - only two half-centuries from three editions - and came into the game on the back of a string of failures but he has always fancied himself against India's attack 'attack' being used loosely of course
Yet India inexperienced India with 38 of the 47 overs sent down by World Cup debutants held their nerve
Yesssss. ...This time team india blast
yes.... INDIA will beat SA....
Yes yes yes india beat s a
yes no idea about team india but ya dhoni'll break this record too i belive in him
yes msd is a very genius captain of india
Yes india will beat soutafrica on 22.........--...........
Ya sure he also afraid.bcz now dhoni captain of india
Ya I 100%sure India will be beat south Africa
Wt abt Indians  bowling nd SA batting?????
Without yuvi india cant win...
Without sewag gambir uv nd zaheer how u can win will c in future dhoni selfish captain in indian history he trying from india team to Chennai team hopeless fello
With special century against arch-rival Pakistan at Adelaide swashbuckling Kohli has staked the first claim to the throne and a repeat performance in the much-awaited India versus South Africa on Sunday will propel him ahead of de Villiers and Amla at least in popular perception
With less than five overs left in the innings MS Dhoni came to crease as India looked to make the most of the death overs
With a run off Afridi to long-on Kohli became the first Indian to score a hundred in a World Cup match against Pakistan
Wishing best of luck to team India in future matches. Hope they win the coveted cup.
win score india 300 above run
win matches for India Umesh Yadav
Win india
Will see.india will beat south africa
Why so VK?U really can do this. Have your regular spirit. Be ferocious like Your 186 runs against Pakistan and exalent like against Sri Lanka.All the best. Play like Australia tour of India 2014
wht...?? totally disagree wid Dada... india is running under a vry poor form both in battng n bowling.... is this MSD's fault...?? Ohh come on... the current team isn't as talented as the team of DADA's captaincy time fr test...
Who will take care of SA's batting. That is also as good as that of India.
Who says???????????? Stop day dreAming be practical guys see Indias batting n bowling.....today they won cos Pak didnt wanna break their unbeaten record...jst wait n watch Team india is incomplete without ATOM BOMB VEERU...thats challenge .
Who is Ganguly ??? If the team has not performed well....all fault is MSD sss...??? Ganguly !!! The best politician in former indian cricket...
While you expect that from the defending champions India need to be aware of the apparent dangers and have Plan B in back-pocket to deal with unforeseen situations
While Steyn is likely to torment the Indians with pace and swing the steep bounce generated by 6ft 4 inch tall Morkel and the movement that can be extracted by Philander will definitely test both technique and temperament of the batsmen
While out of 22 centuries Virat scored India only lost two matches and won 20
While India and South Africa will be competing all eyes will be on Gary Kirsten former India coach under whom team India won the World Cup in 2011
While dangers posed by the likes of Steyn and AB de Villiers will be apparent on India's drawing board there's possibility of a chance encounter with something that might miss the eye of Ravi Shastri Duncan Fletcher and Dhoni
Whether this was essentially because of India?s poor bowling resources the physical and mental toll playing non-stop cricket had taken of him or plain uninspiring captaincy is a moot point
When has it not been that? It's always India's batting versus any other team's bowling attack.
When any Indian team goes to play in Australia or similar conditions it is always the bowling that is the weak point
What really forced Dhoni?s hand is still a matter of speculation and I can?t profess either knowing what transpired in his mind or in the Indian dressing room beyond what is already in the public domain
what is the time in india
What concerns is how India plays tomorrow. ??  ??  ??  ??
well said lee kohlis attitude makes the indian team suck
Well played kohli..Congratulations to Indian team & fans.Indian team deserved the win...From Pakistan...
well played india.........well played
we wont 1-3  Best of luck INDIAN ARMY
We want give it back#India India India india
We pray God for Victory of Indian Team versus South Africa..
we miss dhoni... but India is taken charge by a super good player # kohli.. So it is too best for India..
We Love India #wontgiveitback
We l done india.
we dont need autographs we want 100+ runs from u and INDIA's win
We don't know the future but India is India and when is a captain so kch bhi possible hai
Virat ya rohit from india
Virat Kohli's solid knock of 107 propelled India to 300-7 and pace bowler Mohammad Shami grabbed 4-35 to help bowl out the opposition for 224 as India maintained its unbeaten World Cup record against Pakistan with a sixth straight victory
Virat Kohli?s (107) century stands with Shikhar Dhawan and Suresh Raina helped India to 300 despite a collapse in the death overs after opting to bat
Virat kohli will make india win. his aggression nd desire to win will work
Virat from india and plessis from rsa will be best
Virat best of luck. You are second sachin of india. Jai hind.
Vinit Patel Dipan Patel more like india batting vs RSA batting/bowling/fielding
very good beting india team very well
Trying to get wicket from leg slip and bouncer not working. No new plan.dhoni has broken every record but ganguly has 28 overseas test win as his captancy .most by an indian captain.dhoni has poor record.ganguly at his also have young bowler . Common dhoni melbourne is ours. Prove this time.
Tonnes of <3 from India! \m/
Tomorrow india win
Tomorrow I won best India against Pak
Tommorrow histry going to change #INDIA #WE_WONT_GIVE_IT_BACK
Today win in india &man of the match Rohit Sharma
today every body indian happy
This time India will win..
This time India will win
This is the biggest stand for any wicket for India in WC games against Pakistan 11:11 (IST) Yes he has made it
This is surely going to be tense 100 overs for India and Pakistan fans 09:08 (IST) Rohit Sharma leaves the first ball -- good carry to the keeper though
This is surely battle of nerves in this one 10:24 (IST) Running between the wickets have been brilliant -- but India need boundaries here
This is a custom built GTO flaunting the Indian Tricolor Flag on the bonnet
They really need to b praised for the all round performance shown by team India....cheers.
They need to concentrate here 10:11 (IST) Riaz likes to attack and pick wickets -- India need to be careful against him
There's no question that India looked at its prime against arch-rivals Pakistan while handing them a 76-run defeat last Sunday
There no replacement for yourajsingh in world cricket.only UV can fill his spot in Indian cricket.soon he will fight back.
There is a real test for the Indian team vs Sa... Hopefully wish them to do well against them. . .
There is a hell lot of difference between India's bowling and SA's batting Mr Kohli :P
There are way too many of them in the Indian team itself but we will try and accommodate a few others too
There are a few areas where India will like to worry despite their fabulous win against neighbouring country
The stiffest challenge he faces is of resuscitating India?s fortunes in this format
The run rate is below their liking and will be hoping to up the ante 10:14 (IST) India 62/1 after 14 overs 10:14 (IST) Good running between wickets here -- though India have not hit boundaries consistently but they have rotated the strike well
The Pakistani players and support staff walk onto the field to congratulate India
The other worry will be India?s batting slump at the death where they lost five wickets for 23 runs
The MCG will be another massive test of their character their heart and discipline under extreme pressure from a team that has been installed as one of three strong favourites to dethrone India
The man with money can adopt anywhere in India #Respect #Tendulkar
The Kohlis and the Umars represent the new India and Pakistan
The irony of course is that under Dhoni India had climbed to the number one ranking in Tests too
The Indian cricket Test captaincy arguably the second most important position in the country has changed hands
The Indian batsmen milked the bowlers and tightened their grip on the innings
The batting sensation for India in the past couple of years Virat Kohli has been even able to woo Bollywood actor Anushka Sharma so one has to give it him for the choices he has made
The 40-year-old who had been part of three World Cup winning sides thought India needed to improve their bowling
That Younis boundary in the third over of Pakistan's reply was one of only ten fours and a six that India conceded in the first 33 overs
That means Kohli knows there is no Indian bowling !!!! Look at the batting line up of South Africa !!!
That doesn't necessarily mean they will remain the same through the course of the tournament - India will continue to rely on their batsmen to get the job done - because inconsistency more than anything else has been the bane of the Indian bowling group
thanx roger for supporting team india :-D
Thanx for support india
Thanks RF for supporting India
thank u sir to clean india
Team will win the cup because the team has an equal mixture of experienced players and youngsters. Team is led my superb finisher and captain which is also a plus point for the team. Team India has a great batsman in the form of Virat Kohli and Ajinkya Rahane who will help the team to get the cup. The pace battery looks fast and fiery with Umesh Yadav and Mohammad Shami im the Squad also we have all rounders in the form of Stuart Binny and Ashwin.  #MenInBlue #35ColoursOf2015  #PeterEngland
Team Indian Soccer Live wishes Indian Cricket Team 'All the Best' for theICC Cricket World Cup 2015 . #WeWontGiveItBack
Team india won the match ..... n break. This record ... remeber my words....
Team India need to score above 300 if they need to win this one 08:48 (IST) India in their last five matches: LLLWW
Team India best of luck .keep the pace maintain the form
Team coach Duncan Fletcher too has supported Binny's inclusion though he stays nervous about the place of an allrounder in India's eleven
take 5 umesh rock india & change the histry againsy S.A.
Suresh Raina has proved time and again what a valuable player he is not only for the Indian cricket team but also for the Chennai Super Kings in the IPL
Sure india win game
Super perpormense india team
Super india
Sunday's performance was one of India's more complete bowling displays in a long long time
Subhat Pakistan ne Indian ki mat mar deni hai
Sri Lanka never won Pakistan in world cup. Pakistan never won India in world cup. India never won South Africa in world cup. And South Africa never won WORLD CUP...!!
Southafrica all the way they are better so far then Indian team
South africa win 22 fer ..go india go
South Africa fail ......... ........india win.......
sorry India won the match man of the match V kohli
so underestimating indian bowler by indian player himself.
So pakistan cant beat india in world cups and india cant beat south africa
Sehwag has to be there in world cup if not india will lose the cup
Same to u all INDIAN TEAM happy Republic day
Salman is definitely the most eligible bachelor in India and whenever asked about the topic of marriage the actor always gives witty responses
Sa will win angainst india
SA Has what it takes to beat India...Like It or Not!!! #ProteaFire
Runs in the bank obviously helped but India's bowlers haven't always inspired confidence even if the batsmen have amassed a big total
Run rate is above 5 now 10:50 (IST) Dhawan with another brilliant shot and another boundary-- India have surely up their game after Rohit's wicket
Rohith form India
Rohit will hit a century causing India to win
rohit we got 100runs india win this match
Rohit Sharma and virat kohli best player Indian player
Rohit  is  best player  in  india
Rohit is a great bats man in INDIA
ROHIT bhai best of luck with india cricket team
rohit all the best    score a 200 again  bt   there  is   de villiers   with ab   there is no may be ;)    wait and  see  :) all the best india
Rocking performance from India. ..
Real indian hero yuvraj  singh
Raina? is absolutely gold from Indian cricket. important role from his
Raina is most essential player fr Indian cricket team.
rahane u will be our next sunshine prince after Virat Kohli in our Indian cricket team plz bro save our India in world cup at any cost.I'm always with u and our team's.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi took Twitter to wish Team India good luck for the upcoming World Cup 2015 in Australia and New Zealand starting on February 14
